# packages in environment at /opt/conda:
#
# Name                    Version                   Build  Channel
_libgcc_mutex             0.1                 conda_forge    conda-forge
_openmp_mutex             4.5                       2_gnu    conda-forge
_r-mutex                  1.0.1               anacondar_1    conda-forge
aiohttp                   3.8.1                    pypi_0    pypi
aiosignal                 1.2.0                    pypi_0    pypi
alembic                   1.8.0              pyhd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
alsa-lib                  1.2.6.1              h7f98852_0    conda-forge
anyio                     3.6.1           py310hff52083_0    conda-forge
argon2-cffi               21.3.0             pyhd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
argon2-cffi-bindings      21.2.0          py310h5764c6d_2    conda-forge
asttokens                 2.0.5              pyhd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
async-timeout             4.0.2                    pypi_0    pypi
async_generator           1.10                       py_0    conda-forge
attrs                     21.4.0             pyhd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
babel                     2.10.1             pyhd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
backcall                  0.2.0              pyh9f0ad1d_0    conda-forge
backports                 1.0                        py_2    conda-forge
backports.functools_lru_cache 1.6.4              pyhd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
beautifulsoup4            4.11.1             pyha770c72_0    conda-forge
binutils_impl_linux-64    2.36.1               h193b22a_2    conda-forge
binutils_linux-64         2.36                hf3e587d_10    conda-forge
bleach                    5.0.0              pyhd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
blinker                   1.4                        py_1    conda-forge
brotlipy                  0.7.0           py310h5764c6d_1004    conda-forge
bwidget                   1.9.14               ha770c72_1    conda-forge
bzip2                     1.0.8                h7f98852_4    conda-forge
c-ares                    1.18.1               h7f98852_0    conda-forge
ca-certificates           2022.5.18.1          ha878542_0    conda-forge
cairo                     1.16.0            ha61ee94_1011    conda-forge
certifi                   2022.5.18.1     py310hff52083_0    conda-forge
certipy                   0.1.3                      py_0    conda-forge
cffi                      1.15.0          py310h0fdd8cc_0    conda-forge
charset-normalizer        2.0.12             pyhd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
colorama                  0.4.4              pyh9f0ad1d_0    conda-forge
conda                     4.13.0          py310hff52083_1    conda-forge
conda-package-handling    1.8.1           py310h5764c6d_1    conda-forge
configurable-http-proxy   4.5.1           node17_h7e777a6_1    conda-forge
cryptography              37.0.2          py310h597c629_0    conda-forge
curl                      7.83.1               h7bff187_0    conda-forge
debugpy                   1.6.0           py310hd8f1fbe_0    conda-forge
decorator                 5.1.1              pyhd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
defusedxml                0.7.1              pyhd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
entrypoints               0.4                pyhd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
executing                 0.8.3              pyhd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
expat                     2.4.8                h27087fc_0    conda-forge
flit-core                 3.7.1              pyhd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
font-ttf-dejavu-sans-mono 2.37                 hab24e00_0    conda-forge
font-ttf-inconsolata      3.000                h77eed37_0    conda-forge
font-ttf-source-code-pro  2.038                h77eed37_0    conda-forge
font-ttf-ubuntu           0.83                 hab24e00_0    conda-forge
fontconfig                2.14.0               h8e229c2_0    conda-forge
fonts-conda-ecosystem     1                             0    conda-forge
fonts-conda-forge         1                             0    conda-forge
freetype                  2.10.4               h0708190_1    conda-forge
fribidi                   1.0.10               h36c2ea0_0    conda-forge
frozenlist                1.3.0                    pypi_0    pypi
gcc_impl_linux-64         10.3.0              hf2f2afa_16    conda-forge
gcc_linux-64              10.3.0              hc39de41_10    conda-forge
gettext                   0.19.8.1          h73d1719_1008    conda-forge
gfortran_impl_linux-64    10.3.0              h73f4979_16    conda-forge
gfortran_linux-64         10.3.0              hb09a455_10    conda-forge
giflib                    5.2.1                h36c2ea0_2    conda-forge
graphite2                 1.3.13            h58526e2_1001    conda-forge
greenlet                  1.1.2           py310hd8f1fbe_2    conda-forge
gsl                       2.7                  he838d99_0    conda-forge
gxx_impl_linux-64         10.3.0              hf2f2afa_16    conda-forge
gxx_linux-64              10.3.0              h2593f52_10    conda-forge
harfbuzz                  4.3.0                hf9f4e7c_0    conda-forge
icu                       70.1                 h27087fc_0    conda-forge
idna                      3.3                pyhd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
importlib-metadata        4.11.4          py310hff52083_0    conda-forge
importlib_metadata        4.11.4               hd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
importlib_resources       5.7.1              pyhd8ed1ab_1    conda-forge
ipykernel                 6.13.0          py310hfdc917e_0    conda-forge
ipython                   8.4.0           py310hff52083_0    conda-forge
ipython_genutils          0.2.0                      py_1    conda-forge
jedi                      0.18.1          py310hff52083_1    conda-forge
jinja2                    3.1.2              pyhd8ed1ab_1    conda-forge
jpeg                      9e                   h166bdaf_1    conda-forge
json5                     0.9.5              pyh9f0ad1d_0    conda-forge
jsonschema                4.6.0              pyhd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
jupyter-rsession-proxy    2.0.1                    pypi_0    pypi
jupyter-server-proxy      3.2.1                    pypi_0    pypi
jupyter_client            7.3.1              pyhd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
jupyter_core              4.10.0          py310hff52083_0    conda-forge
jupyter_server            1.17.0             pyhd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
jupyter_telemetry         0.1.0              pyhd8ed1ab_1    conda-forge
jupyterhub                2.3.0              pyhd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
jupyterhub-base           2.3.0              pyhd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
jupyterlab                3.4.2              pyhd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
jupyterlab_pygments       0.2.2              pyhd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
jupyterlab_server         2.14.0             pyhd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
kernel-headers_linux-64   2.6.32              he073ed8_15    conda-forge
keyutils                  1.6.1                h166bdaf_0    conda-forge
krb5                      1.19.3               h3790be6_0    conda-forge
lcms2                     2.12                 hddcbb42_0    conda-forge
ld_impl_linux-64          2.36.1               hea4e1c9_2    conda-forge
lerc                      3.0                  h9c3ff4c_0    conda-forge
libarchive                3.5.2                hb890918_2    conda-forge
libblas                   3.9.0           14_linux64_openblas    conda-forge
libcblas                  3.9.0           14_linux64_openblas    conda-forge
libcups                   2.3.3                hf5a7f15_1    conda-forge
libcurl                   7.83.1               h7bff187_0    conda-forge
libdeflate                1.10                 h7f98852_0    conda-forge
libedit                   3.1.20191231         he28a2e2_2    conda-forge
libev                     4.33                 h516909a_1    conda-forge
libffi                    3.4.2                h7f98852_5    conda-forge
libgcc-devel_linux-64     10.3.0              he6cfe16_16    conda-forge
libgcc-ng                 12.1.0              h8d9b700_16    conda-forge
libgfortran-ng            12.1.0              h69a702a_16    conda-forge
libgfortran5              12.1.0              hdcd56e2_16    conda-forge
libgit2                   1.4.3                h6529ace_0    conda-forge
libglib                   2.70.2               h174f98d_4    conda-forge
libgomp                   12.1.0              h8d9b700_16    conda-forge
libiconv                  1.16                 h516909a_0    conda-forge
liblapack                 3.9.0           14_linux64_openblas    conda-forge
libmamba                  0.24.0               hd8a31e3_1    conda-forge
libmambapy                0.24.0          py310hab0e683_1    conda-forge
libnghttp2                1.47.0               h727a467_0    conda-forge
libnsl                    2.0.0                h7f98852_0    conda-forge
libopenblas               0.3.20          pthreads_h78a6416_0    conda-forge
libpng                    1.6.37               h21135ba_2    conda-forge
libsanitizer              10.3.0              h26c7422_16    conda-forge
libsodium                 1.0.18               h36c2ea0_1    conda-forge
libsolv                   0.7.22               h6239696_0    conda-forge
libssh2                   1.10.0               ha56f1ee_2    conda-forge
libstdcxx-devel_linux-64  10.3.0              he6cfe16_16    conda-forge
libstdcxx-ng              12.1.0              ha89aaad_16    conda-forge
libtiff                   4.4.0                h0fcbabc_0    conda-forge
libuuid                   2.32.1            h7f98852_1000    conda-forge
libuv                     1.43.0               h7f98852_0    conda-forge
libwebp-base              1.2.2                h7f98852_1    conda-forge
libxcb                    1.13              h7f98852_1004    conda-forge
libxml2                   2.9.14               h22db469_0    conda-forge
libzlib                   1.2.12               h166bdaf_0    conda-forge
lz4-c                     1.9.3                h9c3ff4c_1    conda-forge
lzo                       2.10              h516909a_1000    conda-forge
make                      4.3                  hd18ef5c_1    conda-forge
mako                      1.2.0              pyhd8ed1ab_1    conda-forge
mamba                     0.24.0          py310hf87f941_1    conda-forge
markupsafe                2.1.1           py310h5764c6d_1    conda-forge
matplotlib-inline         0.1.3              pyhd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
mistune                   0.8.4           py310h6acc77f_1005    conda-forge
multidict                 6.0.2                    pypi_0    pypi
nbclassic                 0.3.7              pyhd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
nbclient                  0.6.4              pyhd8ed1ab_1    conda-forge
nbconvert                 6.5.0              pyhd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
nbconvert-core            6.5.0              pyhd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
nbconvert-pandoc          6.5.0              pyhd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
nbformat                  5.4.0              pyhd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
ncurses                   6.3                  h27087fc_1    conda-forge
nest-asyncio              1.5.5              pyhd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
nlopt                     2.7.1           py310h3342525_1    conda-forge
nodejs                    17.9.0               h96d913c_0    conda-forge
notebook                  6.4.11             pyha770c72_0    conda-forge
notebook-shim             0.1.0              pyhd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
numpy                     1.22.4          py310h4ef5377_0    conda-forge
oauthlib                  3.2.0              pyhd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
open-fonts                0.7.0                         1    conda-forge
openjdk                   11.0.9.1             hc6918da_3    conda-forge
openssl                   1.1.1o               h166bdaf_0    conda-forge
packaging                 21.3               pyhd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
pamela                    1.0.0                      py_0    conda-forge
pandoc                    2.18                 ha770c72_0    conda-forge
pandocfilters             1.5.0              pyhd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
pango                     1.50.7               hbd2fdc8_0    conda-forge
parso                     0.8.3              pyhd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
pcre                      8.45                 h9c3ff4c_0    conda-forge
pcre2                     10.37                h032f7d1_0    conda-forge
pexpect                   4.8.0              pyh9f0ad1d_2    conda-forge
pickleshare               0.7.5                   py_1003    conda-forge
pip                       22.1.2             pyhd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
pixman                    0.40.0               h36c2ea0_0    conda-forge
prometheus_client         0.14.1             pyhd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
prompt-toolkit            3.0.29             pyha770c72_0    conda-forge
psutil                    5.9.1           py310h5764c6d_0    conda-forge
pthread-stubs             0.4               h36c2ea0_1001    conda-forge
ptyprocess                0.7.0              pyhd3deb0d_0    conda-forge
pure_eval                 0.2.2              pyhd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
pybind11-abi              4                    hd8ed1ab_3    conda-forge
pycosat                   0.6.3           py310h5764c6d_1010    conda-forge
pycparser                 2.21               pyhd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
pycurl                    7.45.1          py310h2aed498_1    conda-forge
pygments                  2.12.0             pyhd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
pyjwt                     2.4.0              pyhd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
pyopenssl                 22.0.0             pyhd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
pyparsing                 3.0.9              pyhd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
pyrsistent                0.18.1          py310h5764c6d_1    conda-forge
pysocks                   1.7.1           py310hff52083_5    conda-forge
python                    3.10.4          h9a8a25e_0_cpython    conda-forge
python-dateutil           2.8.2              pyhd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
python-fastjsonschema     2.15.3             pyhd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
python-json-logger        2.0.1              pyh9f0ad1d_0    conda-forge
python_abi                3.10                    2_cp310    conda-forge
pytz                      2022.1             pyhd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
pyzmq                     23.1.0          py310h330234f_0    conda-forge
r-abind                   1.4_5           r41hc72bb7e_1003    conda-forge
r-askpass                 1.1               r41hcfec24a_2    conda-forge
r-assertthat              0.2.1             r41hc72bb7e_2    conda-forge
r-backports               1.4.1             r41hcfec24a_0    conda-forge
r-base                    4.1.3                h06d3f91_1    conda-forge
r-base64enc               0.1_3           r41hcfec24a_1004    conda-forge
r-bit                     4.0.4             r41hcfec24a_0    conda-forge
r-bit64                   4.0.5             r41hcfec24a_0    conda-forge
r-bitops                  1.0_7             r41hcfec24a_0    conda-forge
r-blob                    1.2.3             r41hc72bb7e_0    conda-forge
r-boot                    1.3_28            r41hc72bb7e_0    conda-forge
r-brew                    1.0_7             r41hc72bb7e_0    conda-forge
r-brio                    1.1.3             r41hcfec24a_0    conda-forge
r-broom                   0.8.0             r41hc72bb7e_0    conda-forge
r-bsda                    1.2.1             r41hc72bb7e_0    conda-forge
r-bslib                   0.3.1             r41hc72bb7e_0    conda-forge
r-cachem                  1.0.6             r41hcfec24a_0    conda-forge
r-callr                   3.7.0             r41hc72bb7e_0    conda-forge
r-car                     3.0_13            r41hc72bb7e_0    conda-forge
r-cardata                 3.0_5             r41hc72bb7e_0    conda-forge
r-caret                   6.0_92            r41h06615bd_0    conda-forge
r-cellranger              1.1.0           r41hc72bb7e_1004    conda-forge
r-checkmate               2.1.0             r41h06615bd_0    conda-forge
r-class                   7.3_20            r41hcfec24a_0    conda-forge
r-cli                     3.3.0             r41h7525677_0    conda-forge
r-clipr                   0.8.0             r41hc72bb7e_0    conda-forge
r-cluster                 2.1.3             r41h8da6f51_0    conda-forge
r-codetools               0.2_18            r41hc72bb7e_0    conda-forge
r-colorspace              2.0_3             r41h06615bd_0    conda-forge
r-commonmark              1.8.0             r41h06615bd_0    conda-forge
r-conflicted              1.1.0             r41hc72bb7e_0    conda-forge
r-conquer                 1.3.0             r41hcec875b_0    conda-forge
r-covr                    3.5.1             r41h03ef668_0    conda-forge
r-cpp11                   0.4.2             r41hc72bb7e_0    conda-forge
r-crayon                  1.5.1             r41hc72bb7e_0    conda-forge
r-credentials             1.3.2             r41hc72bb7e_0    conda-forge
r-crosstalk               1.2.0             r41hc72bb7e_0    conda-forge
r-curl                    4.3.2             r41hcfec24a_0    conda-forge
r-data.table              1.14.2            r41hcfec24a_0    conda-forge
r-dbi                     1.1.2             r41hc72bb7e_0    conda-forge
r-dbplyr                  2.2.0             r41hc72bb7e_0    conda-forge
r-desc                    1.4.1             r41hc72bb7e_0    conda-forge
r-devtools                2.4.3             r41hc72bb7e_0    conda-forge
r-dials                   0.1.1             r41hc72bb7e_0    conda-forge
r-dicedesign              1.9               r41hcfec24a_0    conda-forge
r-diffobj                 0.3.5             r41hcfec24a_0    conda-forge
r-digest                  0.6.29            r41h03ef668_0    conda-forge
r-doparallel              1.0.17            r41hc72bb7e_0    conda-forge
r-dplyr                   1.0.9             r41h7525677_0    conda-forge
r-dt                      0.23              r41hc72bb7e_0    conda-forge
r-dtplyr                  1.2.1             r41hc72bb7e_0    conda-forge
r-e1071                   1.7_9             r41h03ef668_0    conda-forge
r-ellipse                 0.4.3             r41hc72bb7e_0    conda-forge
r-ellipsis                0.3.2             r41hcfec24a_0    conda-forge
r-evaluate                0.15              r41hc72bb7e_0    conda-forge
r-expss                   0.11.1            r41hc72bb7e_0    conda-forge
r-factominer              2.4               r41hc72bb7e_0    conda-forge
r-fansi                   1.0.3             r41h06615bd_0    conda-forge
r-farver                  2.1.0             r41h03ef668_0    conda-forge
r-fastmap                 1.1.0             r41h03ef668_0    conda-forge
r-flashclust              1.01_2          r41h859d828_1006    conda-forge
r-fontawesome             0.2.2             r41hc72bb7e_0    conda-forge
r-forcats                 0.5.1             r41hc72bb7e_0    conda-forge
r-foreach                 1.5.2             r41hc72bb7e_0    conda-forge
r-forecast                8.16              r41hcec875b_0    conda-forge
r-foreign                 0.8_82            r41hcfec24a_0    conda-forge
r-fracdiff                1.5_1             r41hb699f27_1    conda-forge
r-fs                      1.5.2             r41h7525677_1    conda-forge
r-furrr                   0.3.0             r41hc72bb7e_0    conda-forge
r-future                  1.26.1            r41hc72bb7e_0    conda-forge
r-future.apply            1.9.0             r41hc72bb7e_0    conda-forge
r-gam                     1.20.1            r41h8da6f51_0    conda-forge
r-gargle                  1.2.0             r41hc72bb7e_0    conda-forge
r-generics                0.1.2             r41hc72bb7e_0    conda-forge
r-gert                    1.5.0             r41h30f61c7_1    conda-forge
r-ggplot2                 3.3.6             r41hc72bb7e_0    conda-forge
r-ggrepel                 0.9.1             r41h03ef668_0    conda-forge
r-gh                      1.3.0             r41hc72bb7e_0    conda-forge
r-git2r                   0.30.1            r41h96773ce_0    conda-forge
r-gitcreds                0.1.1             r41hc72bb7e_0    conda-forge
r-glmnet                  4.1_2             r41h8da6f51_0    conda-forge
r-globals                 0.15.0            r41hc72bb7e_0    conda-forge
r-glue                    1.6.2             r41h06615bd_0    conda-forge
r-googledrive             2.0.0             r41hc72bb7e_0    conda-forge
r-googlesheets4           1.0.0             r41h785f33e_0    conda-forge
r-gower                   1.0.0             r41hcfec24a_0    conda-forge
r-gpfit                   1.0_8             r41hc72bb7e_1    conda-forge
r-gtable                  0.3.0             r41hc72bb7e_3    conda-forge
r-hardhat                 1.0.0             r41hc72bb7e_0    conda-forge
r-haven                   2.5.0             r41h7525677_0    conda-forge
r-hexbin                  1.28.2            r41h8da6f51_0    conda-forge
r-highr                   0.9               r41hc72bb7e_0    conda-forge
r-hms                     1.1.1             r41hc72bb7e_0    conda-forge
r-htmltable               2.4.0             r41hc72bb7e_0    conda-forge
r-htmltools               0.5.2             r41h03ef668_0    conda-forge
r-htmlwidgets             1.5.4             r41hc72bb7e_0    conda-forge
r-httpuv                  1.6.5             r41h03ef668_0    conda-forge
r-httr                    1.4.3             r41hc72bb7e_0    conda-forge
r-ids                     1.0.1             r41hc72bb7e_1    conda-forge
r-infer                   1.0.0             r41hc72bb7e_0    conda-forge
r-ini                     0.3.1           r41hc72bb7e_1003    conda-forge
r-ipred                   0.9_13            r41h06615bd_0    conda-forge
r-irdisplay               1.1               r41hd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
r-irkernel                1.3               r41hc72bb7e_0    conda-forge
r-isoband                 0.2.5             r41h03ef668_0    conda-forge
r-iterators               1.0.14            r41hc72bb7e_0    conda-forge
r-jomo                    2.7_3             r41hcfec24a_0    conda-forge
r-jquerylib               0.1.4             r41hc72bb7e_0    conda-forge
r-jsonlite                1.8.0             r41h06615bd_0    conda-forge
r-kernsmooth              2.23_20           r41h742201e_0    conda-forge
r-knitr                   1.39              r41hc72bb7e_0    conda-forge
r-labeling                0.4.2             r41hc72bb7e_1    conda-forge
r-later                   1.2.0             r41h03ef668_0    conda-forge
r-lattice                 0.20_45           r41hcfec24a_0    conda-forge
r-lava                    1.6.10            r41hc72bb7e_0    conda-forge
r-lazyeval                0.2.2             r41hcfec24a_2    conda-forge
r-leaps                   3.1               r41h859d828_2    conda-forge
r-lhs                     1.1.5             r41h7525677_0    conda-forge
r-lifecycle               1.0.1             r41hc72bb7e_0    conda-forge
r-listenv                 0.8.0             r41hc72bb7e_1    conda-forge
r-lme4                    1.1_29            r41h7525677_0    conda-forge
r-lmtest                  0.9_40            r41h8da6f51_0    conda-forge
r-lubridate               1.8.0             r41h03ef668_0    conda-forge
r-maditr                  0.8.3             r41hc72bb7e_0    conda-forge
r-magrittr                2.0.3             r41h06615bd_0    conda-forge
r-maptools                1.1_4             r41h06615bd_0    conda-forge
r-mass                    7.3_57            r41h06615bd_0    conda-forge
r-matrix                  1.4_1             r41h0154571_0    conda-forge
r-matrixmodels            0.5_0             r41hc72bb7e_0    conda-forge
r-matrixstats             0.62.0            r41h06615bd_0    conda-forge
r-memoise                 2.0.1             r41hc72bb7e_0    conda-forge
r-mgcv                    1.8_40            r41h0154571_0    conda-forge
r-mice                    3.14.0            r41h03ef668_0    conda-forge
r-mime                    0.12              r41hcfec24a_0    conda-forge
r-minqa                   1.2.4           r41h5ee154c_1006    conda-forge
r-mitml                   0.4_3             r41hc72bb7e_0    conda-forge
r-modeldata               0.1.1             r41hc72bb7e_0    conda-forge
r-modelmetrics            1.2.2.2           r41h03ef668_1    conda-forge
r-modelr                  0.1.8             r41hc72bb7e_0    conda-forge
r-munsell                 0.5.0           r41hc72bb7e_1004    conda-forge
r-nlme                    3.1_157           r41h8da6f51_0    conda-forge
r-nloptr                  2.0.3             r41hb13c81a_0    conda-forge
r-nnet                    7.3_17            r41hcfec24a_0    conda-forge
r-numderiv                2016.8_1.1        r41hc72bb7e_3    conda-forge
r-nycflights13            1.0.2             r41hc72bb7e_0    conda-forge
r-openssl                 2.0.2             r41hfaab4ff_0    conda-forge
r-openxlsx                4.2.5             r41h03ef668_0    conda-forge
r-ordinal                 2019.12_10        r41hcfec24a_1    conda-forge
r-pan                     1.6               r41h859d828_4    conda-forge
r-parallelly              1.31.1            r41hc72bb7e_0    conda-forge
r-parsnip                 0.2.1             r41hc72bb7e_0    conda-forge
r-patchwork               1.1.1             r41hc72bb7e_0    conda-forge
r-pbdzmq                  0.3_7             r41h42bf92c_0    conda-forge
r-pbkrtest                0.5.1             r41hc72bb7e_0    conda-forge
r-pillar                  1.7.0             r41hc72bb7e_0    conda-forge
r-pkgbuild                1.3.1             r41hc72bb7e_0    conda-forge
r-pkgconfig               2.0.3             r41hc72bb7e_1    conda-forge
r-pkgload                 1.2.4             r41h03ef668_0    conda-forge
r-plogr                   0.2.0           r41hc72bb7e_1003    conda-forge
r-plyr                    1.8.7             r41h7525677_0    conda-forge
r-praise                  1.0.0           r41hc72bb7e_1005    conda-forge
r-prettyunits             1.1.1             r41hc72bb7e_1    conda-forge
r-proc                    1.18.0            r41h03ef668_0    conda-forge
r-processx                3.5.3             r41h06615bd_0    conda-forge
r-prodlim                 2019.11.13        r41h03ef668_1    conda-forge
r-progress                1.2.2             r41hc72bb7e_2    conda-forge
r-progressr               0.10.1            r41hc72bb7e_0    conda-forge
r-promises                1.2.0.1           r41h03ef668_0    conda-forge
r-proxy                   0.4_26            r41hcfec24a_0    conda-forge
r-ps                      1.7.0             r41h06615bd_0    conda-forge
r-purrr                   0.3.4             r41hcfec24a_1    conda-forge
r-quadprog                1.5_8             r41h742201e_3    conda-forge
r-quantmod                0.4.20            r41hc72bb7e_0    conda-forge
r-quantreg                5.93              r41he5c027b_0    conda-forge
r-r6                      2.5.1             r41hc72bb7e_0    conda-forge
r-randomforest            4.7_1.1           r41h8da6f51_0    conda-forge
r-rappdirs                0.3.3             r41hcfec24a_0    conda-forge
r-rcmdcheck               1.4.0             r41h785f33e_0    conda-forge
r-rcolorbrewer            1.1_3             r41h785f33e_0    conda-forge
r-rcpp                    1.0.8.3           r41h7525677_0    conda-forge
r-rcpparmadillo           0.11.1.1.0        r41h43535f1_0    conda-forge
r-rcppeigen               0.3.3.9.2         r41h43535f1_0    conda-forge
r-rcurl                   1.98_1.6          r41hcfec24a_0    conda-forge
r-readr                   2.1.2             r41h03ef668_0    conda-forge
r-readxl                  1.4.0             r41hf23e330_0    conda-forge
r-recipes                 0.2.0             r41hc72bb7e_0    conda-forge
r-rematch                 1.0.1           r41hc72bb7e_1004    conda-forge
r-rematch2                2.1.2             r41hc72bb7e_1    conda-forge
r-remotes                 2.4.2             r41hc72bb7e_0    conda-forge
r-repr                    1.1.4             r41h785f33e_0    conda-forge
r-reprex                  2.0.1             r41hc72bb7e_0    conda-forge
r-reshape2                1.4.4             r41h03ef668_1    conda-forge
r-rex                     1.2.1             r41hc72bb7e_0    conda-forge
r-rio                     0.5.29            r41hc72bb7e_0    conda-forge
r-rjava                   1.0_6             r41hcfec24a_0    conda-forge
r-rlang                   1.0.2             r41h7525677_0    conda-forge
r-rmarkdown               2.14              r41hc72bb7e_0    conda-forge
r-rodbc                   1.3_19            r41hcfec24a_0    conda-forge
r-roxygen2                7.2.0             r41h7525677_0    conda-forge
r-rpart                   4.1.16            r41hcfec24a_0    conda-forge
r-rprojroot               2.0.3             r41hc72bb7e_0    conda-forge
r-rsample                 0.1.1             r41hc72bb7e_0    conda-forge
r-rsqlite                 2.2.8             r41h03ef668_0    conda-forge
r-rstudioapi              0.13              r41hc72bb7e_0    conda-forge
r-rversions               2.1.1             r41hc72bb7e_0    conda-forge
r-rvest                   1.0.2             r41hc72bb7e_0    conda-forge
r-sass                    0.4.1             r41h7525677_0    conda-forge
r-scales                  1.2.0             r41hc72bb7e_0    conda-forge
r-scatterplot3d           0.3_41          r41hc72bb7e_1003    conda-forge
r-selectr                 0.4_2             r41hc72bb7e_1    conda-forge
r-sessioninfo             1.2.2             r41hc72bb7e_0    conda-forge
r-shape                   1.4.6             r41ha770c72_0    conda-forge
r-shiny                   1.7.1             r41h785f33e_0    conda-forge
r-slider                  0.2.2             r41hcfec24a_0    conda-forge
r-sourcetools             0.1.7           r41h03ef668_1002    conda-forge
r-sp                      1.5_0             r41h06615bd_0    conda-forge
r-sparsem                 1.81              r41h859d828_0    conda-forge
r-splitstackshape         1.4.8             r41hc72bb7e_2    conda-forge
r-squarem                 2021.1            r41hc72bb7e_0    conda-forge
r-statmod                 1.4.36            r41h92ddd45_0    conda-forge
r-stringi                 1.7.6             r41h30a9eb7_2    conda-forge
r-stringr                 1.4.0             r41hc72bb7e_2    conda-forge
r-survival                3.3_1             r41h06615bd_0    conda-forge
r-sys                     3.4               r41hcfec24a_0    conda-forge
r-testthat                3.1.4             r41h7525677_0    conda-forge
r-tibble                  3.1.7             r41h06615bd_0    conda-forge
r-tictoc                  1.0.1             r41hc72bb7e_0    conda-forge
r-tidymodels              0.2.0             r41hc72bb7e_0    conda-forge
r-tidyr                   1.2.0             r41h03ef668_0    conda-forge
r-tidyselect              1.1.2             r41hc72bb7e_0    conda-forge
r-tidyverse               1.3.1             r41hc72bb7e_0    conda-forge
r-timedate                3043.102        r41hc72bb7e_1002    conda-forge
r-tinytex                 0.39              r41hc72bb7e_0    conda-forge
r-tseries                 0.10_51           r41h1463581_0    conda-forge
r-ttr                     0.24.3            r41h06615bd_0    conda-forge
r-tune                    0.2.0             r41hc72bb7e_0    conda-forge
r-tzdb                    0.3.0             r41h7525677_0    conda-forge
r-ucminf                  1.1_4           r41h859d828_1006    conda-forge
r-urca                    1.3_0           r41h8da6f51_1006    conda-forge
r-usethis                 2.1.6             r41hc72bb7e_0    conda-forge
r-utf8                    1.2.2             r41hcfec24a_0    conda-forge
r-uuid                    1.1_0             r41h06615bd_0    conda-forge
r-vctrs                   0.4.1             r41h7525677_0    conda-forge
r-viridislite             0.4.0             r41hc72bb7e_0    conda-forge
r-vroom                   1.5.7             r41h03ef668_0    conda-forge
r-waldo                   0.4.0             r41hc72bb7e_0    conda-forge
r-warp                    0.2.0             r41hcfec24a_1    conda-forge
r-whisker                 0.4               r41hc72bb7e_1    conda-forge
r-withr                   2.5.0             r41hc72bb7e_0    conda-forge
r-workflows               0.2.6             r41hc72bb7e_0    conda-forge
r-workflowsets            0.2.1             r41hc72bb7e_0    conda-forge
r-xfun                    0.31              r41h7525677_0    conda-forge
r-xlsx                    0.6.5             r41hc72bb7e_0    conda-forge
r-xlsxjars                0.6.1             r41hc72bb7e_3    conda-forge
r-xml2                    1.3.3             r41h7525677_1    conda-forge
r-xopen                   1.0.0           r41hc72bb7e_1003    conda-forge
r-xtable                  1.8_4             r41hc72bb7e_3    conda-forge
r-xts                     0.12.1            r41h06615bd_0    conda-forge
r-yaml                    2.3.5             r41h06615bd_0    conda-forge
r-yardstick               0.0.9             r41h03ef668_0    conda-forge
r-zip                     2.2.0             r41hcfec24a_0    conda-forge
r-zoo                     1.8_10            r41h06615bd_0    conda-forge
readline                  8.1                  h46c0cb4_0    conda-forge
reproc                    14.2.3               h7f98852_0    conda-forge
reproc-cpp                14.2.3               h9c3ff4c_0    conda-forge
requests                  2.27.1             pyhd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
ruamel.yaml               0.17.21         py310h5764c6d_1    conda-forge
ruamel.yaml.clib          0.2.6           py310h5764c6d_1    conda-forge
ruamel_yaml               0.15.80         py310h5764c6d_1007    conda-forge
sed                       4.8                  he412f7d_0    conda-forge
send2trash                1.8.0              pyhd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
setuptools                62.3.2          py310hff52083_0    conda-forge
simpervisor               0.4                      pypi_0    pypi
six                       1.16.0             pyh6c4a22f_0    conda-forge
sniffio                   1.2.0           py310hff52083_3    conda-forge
soupsieve                 2.3.1              pyhd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
sqlalchemy                1.4.37          py310h5764c6d_0    conda-forge
sqlite                    3.38.5               h4ff8645_0    conda-forge
stack_data                0.2.0              pyhd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
sysroot_linux-64          2.12                he073ed8_15    conda-forge
terminado                 0.15.0          py310hff52083_0    conda-forge
tinycss2                  1.1.1              pyhd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
tk                        8.6.12               h27826a3_0    conda-forge
tktable                   2.10                 hb7b940f_3    conda-forge
tornado                   6.1             py310h5764c6d_3    conda-forge
tqdm                      4.64.0             pyhd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
traitlets                 5.2.2.post1        pyhd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
tzdata                    2022a                h191b570_0    conda-forge
unixodbc                  2.3.10               h583eb01_0    conda-forge
urllib3                   1.26.9             pyhd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
wcwidth                   0.2.5              pyh9f0ad1d_2    conda-forge
webencodings              0.5.1                      py_1    conda-forge
websocket-client          1.3.2              pyhd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
wheel                     0.37.1             pyhd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
xorg-fixesproto           5.0               h7f98852_1002    conda-forge
xorg-inputproto           2.3.2             h7f98852_1002    conda-forge
xorg-kbproto              1.0.7             h7f98852_1002    conda-forge
xorg-libice               1.0.10               h7f98852_0    conda-forge
xorg-libsm                1.2.3             hd9c2040_1000    conda-forge
xorg-libx11               1.7.2                h7f98852_0    conda-forge
xorg-libxau               1.0.9                h7f98852_0    conda-forge
xorg-libxdmcp             1.1.3                h7f98852_0    conda-forge
xorg-libxext              1.3.4                h7f98852_1    conda-forge
xorg-libxfixes            5.0.3             h7f98852_1004    conda-forge
xorg-libxi                1.7.10               h7f98852_0    conda-forge
xorg-libxrender           0.9.10            h7f98852_1003    conda-forge
xorg-libxt                1.2.1                h7f98852_2    conda-forge
xorg-libxtst              1.2.3             h7f98852_1002    conda-forge
xorg-recordproto          1.14.2            h7f98852_1002    conda-forge
xorg-renderproto          0.11.1            h7f98852_1002    conda-forge
xorg-xextproto            7.3.0             h7f98852_1002    conda-forge
xorg-xproto               7.0.31            h7f98852_1007    conda-forge
xz                        5.2.5                h516909a_1    conda-forge
yaml                      0.2.5                h7f98852_2    conda-forge
yaml-cpp                  0.7.0                h27087fc_1    conda-forge
yarl                      1.7.2                    pypi_0    pypi
zeromq                    4.3.4                h9c3ff4c_1    conda-forge
zipp                      3.8.0              pyhd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
zlib                      1.2.12               h166bdaf_0    conda-forge
zstd                      1.5.2                h8a70e8d_1    conda-forge